Documentation full review (#1)
tiangolo/typer: docs/index.md

Typer uses <a href="https://click.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank">Click</a> internally. That's the only dependency.

But you can also install extras:

> * <a href="https://pypi.org/project/colorama/" target="_blank"><code>colorama</code></a>: and Click will automatically use it to make sure your terminal´s colors always work correctly, even in Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a href="https://pypi.org/project/colorama/" target="_blank"><code>colorama</code></a>: and Click will automatically use it to make sure your terminal's colors always work correctly, even in Windows.
```
